=head1 NAME

lxadm - Manage Illumos LX zones.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<lxadm> I<command> [I<options...>]

where 'command' is one of the following:

    create <img_uuid> <lx_name>

    import <img_uuid> <filename>

    delete [--purge=vnic] <lx_name>

    edit <lx_name>

    list [lx_name]

    list-images

    refresh

    start <lx_name>

    stop <lx_name>

    restart <lx_name>

    help

    man

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Use lxadm to create/edit your LX zones.

=head2 B<create>

creates a LX zone with the name B<lx_name>. Create will open an editor
where the properties can be set. vnics which do not exist will be created.

zone properties are according to I<zonecfg>.
global properties can be set as "property" : "value" pair, single
resources as "resource" : { } hash structure and multiple resources
as "resource" : [ { }, ... ] array of hash structures.

=head2 B<import>

imports a LX zone configuration from a file.

=head2 B<delete>

deletes the LX zone with the name B<lx_name>.

=head2 B<edit>

modify the configuration of a LX zone. See the descriptions in the B<create>
function for details.

=head2 B<list>

lists the available LX zones with their properties. Lists details for B<lx_name>
is given.

=head2 B<list-images>

list all available LX images ready for download and install.

=head2 B<refresh>

forces image index refresh.

=head2 B<start>

starts the LX zone B<lx_name>

=head2 B<stop>

stops the LX zone B<lx_name>

=head2 B<restart>

restarts the LX zone B<lx_name>

=head1 EXAMPLES

create a LX zone with the name 'lx-test' and image UUID '12345678'

    lxadm create 12345678 lx-test

check the LX zone properties

    lxadm list lx-test

copy a LX zone

    lxadm list lx-test > lx-test.json

    lxadm import lx-test.json

basic zone setup

    {
        "zonepath" : "/zones/lx-test",
        "brand"    : "lx",
        "ip-type"  : "exclusive"
    }

mounting a filesystem to the LX zone

    {
        ...
        "fs" : [
            {
                "dir"     : "/opt",
                "special" : "/tank/lx-test/opt,
                "type"    : "lofs",
                "options" : "[nodevices]"
            }
        ]
    }

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2016 by OETIKER+PARTNER AG. All rights reserved.

=head1 LICENSE

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option)
any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for
more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program. If not, see L<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

=head1 AUTHOR

S<Dominik Hassler E<lt>hadfl@cpan.orgE<gt>>
S<Tobias Oetiker E<lt>tobi@oetiker.chE<gt>>

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGMENT

 Joyent: for LX zones
 OmniTI: for upstreaming LX zones to Illumos

=head1 HISTORY

2016-12-02 had Initial Version

=cut
